
  Stefan's Latex Slides Utilities (for latex-beamer)
  

QUICKSTART

In order to use these utilities, you will have to install the files provided
in the texmf/ subdirectory in suitable places in your TeX search path (the
quickest solution is to put them into the directory where you typeset your 
slides).  If you do not own copies of the commercial Charter Math or Lucida
Math fonts, you cannot use these font options.

To start work on a new presentation (or set of related presentations), run the
script "init-slides.perl" that is part of the latex slides utilities, passing
the (relative or absolut) path to a new working directory for the slides.
Note that this directory MUST NOT EXIST when you run the initialization
script.  By default, "init-slides.perl" will install symbolic links to the
Makefile, utilities and latex macro library.  In order to produce a completely
self-contained presentation, you can specify the option "--copy", which will
make copies of these files as well as copy all necessary support files from
the texmf/ directory to the main presentation directory.

For instance, if you keep your presentations in ~/Slides, you might type

$ perl init-slides.perl --copy ~/Slides/ESSLLI

to create a directory tree for the lecture slides of an ESSLLI course (since
you are co-teaching this course with another lecturer and want to share the
slides, you have specified "--copy" to avoid any local dependencies).


USAGE

To be written.  Sorry, you're on your own here for now.  Just ask, or look at
an existing presentation as an example.

It is recommended that you first adjust the file "template.tex" to your
requirements (presentation style, fonts, etc.), and then start new
presentations as copies of this file.  The "workspace.tex" allows you
to easily typeset parts of your presentation while developing it, in order
to reduce compile time.

"Local" configuration settings can also be made in "local/config.tex" and
"local/config.mk" (for Makefile settings such as install path for generated
PDFs).


BUGS & FEATURES

The Makefile uses "rubber" to compile the latex sources, which is convenient
but has its catches.  In recent version of the Makefile, the "natbib"
compatibility module is automatically loaded (with "rubber -m natbib ...")
because bibtex references might not be typeset correctly otherwise (rubber
doesn't seem to recognise that natbib is used).  This may cause an unnecessary
extra compilation run for documents without bibliographies, but it is the
easiest and safest solution.


Stefan Evert <stefan.evert@uos.de>,
18 June 2006.


